Address comments on memory view. (#7989)
flutter/website: src/development/tools/devtools/memory.md

  
  Child? child = Child();
  
  // The `child` object was allocated in memory.

>   // It is now retained from garbage collection

Author: Shams, I do not like 'exempt' here. It would apply if most object were garbage collected, but a few would be exempt. 
In reality, most objects are not garbage collected because of retaining paths, and just few are garbage collected, because they do not have retaining paths.

Does it make sense?

### How can memory leaks happen in Dart?

> 

Reviewer: ?? Should be some text here...

Author: Added some text.

#### Why garbage collector cannot prevent all leaks?

While the garbage collector takes care of all
unreachable objects, it’s the responsibility
of the application to ensure that unneeded objects
are no longer reachable (referenced from the root). 

So, if non needed objects are left referenced
(in a global or static variable,
or as a field of a long-living object),

> garbage collector cannot recognize them,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the garbage collector can't recognize them,
```
recognize -> detect?  find?

the memory allocation grows progressively,
and the app eventually crashes with an `out-of-memory` error.

> #### Why closures require extra attention?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why closures require extra attention
```

  final handler = () => print(myHugeObject.name);  
  setHandler(handler);
```

> #### Why `BuildContext` requires extra attention?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why `BuildContext` requires extra attention
```

An example of a large, short-living object that
might squeeze into a long-living area and thus cause leaks,

> is the parameter `context` provided to the Flutter's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is the `context` parameter passed to Flutter's 
```

`build` method. 

The following code is leak prone,
as `useHandler` might store the handler
in a long-living area:

```dart
// BAD: DO NOT DO THIS
// This code is leak prone:
@override
Widget build(BuildContext context) {
  final handler = () => apply(Theme.of(context));  
  useHandler(handler);
…
```

#### How to fix leak prone code?

The following code is not leak prone,

> as (1) the closure doesn’t use the big and short living
> object `context`,
> and (2) the used instead `theme` is a long-living object
> (not created repeatedly, but created one time and
> shared between instatances of `BuildContext`),
> and is therefore ok to pass to a long-living area:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as 1) the closure doesn’t use the large, but short-lived `context` object,
and 2) the `theme` object (used instead) is long-lived. It's created once and
shared between `BuildContext` instances.
```

where the widget is short living,
and the state is long living. The build context,
owned by the widget, should never be referenced

> from the state’s fields, as the state will not be garbage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the state’s fields, as the state won't be garbage
```
